Team: 8
Name: Jon White, Jun Jie Chen, Jiannkun Zhang
Cozmo Name: Sunflower
Project 6

Guide to use the code
Kick:
    Go to main.py
    Comment out line 33, 'self.player = keeper(self)'
    Delect the comment sign for line 34, 'self.player = kicker(self)'

    kick.py:
        The user needs to palce the orange ball in view of Cozmo. Then, Cozmo will adjust its position and accelerate toward it and kick it. 

GoalKepper:
    Go to main.py
    Comment out sign for line 34, 'self.player = kicker(self)'
    Delect the comment line 33, 'self.player = keeper(self)'

    goal_tend.py:
        Cozmo will detect the orange ball approximately 18 inches away, at which point it will establish an initial position. Detection is based on an upper/lower color bound of (130, 170,255) and (0, 70, 225) respectively. Then when the ball location changes by a predetermined amount, it will interpret the movement as the ball being kicked, and attempt to block the shot. To block, Cozmo drive forwards while using a PID based system to calculate the degree of turning necessary to block the ball.

Experimental vision code:

    To attempt to counteract the limitations of finding colors in varying light, another version of the detect_object function was created using openCVs HoughCircles. This had a lot of noise however and in most circumstances was not able to outperform the color-detection code

Cube Taps:

    Another feature that was removed was the feature to detect cube taps and perform alternate behaviors. When lots of robots were grouped together though, there would be cube taps generated by other robots that interfered with the intended function of our robot. For this reason this feature was disabled when we interacted with multiple other robots


Result of team 8 vs team 13:
    Team 8 score: 2
    Team 13 score: 3

    Under Folder "Video" contains 3 videos for dense and 3 videos for kick.

    Failure to Denfense:
        Team 13 is able to score 3 points, because the code for upper/lower color bound was not set correctly to detect the ball based on the lighting in ISEC 140. Also there is hill in the mat and cause the ball to accelerate faster than expected, causing the PID scaling to generate incorrect turn speeds



